{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!DOCTYPE html>\
<html lang="en">\
<head>\
    <meta charset="UTF-8">\
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">\
    <title>Automate Like Anna - Sell While You Sleep</title>\
    <style>\
        body \{\
            font-family: Arial, sans-serif;\
            margin: 0;\
            padding: 0;\
            background: linear-gradient(135deg, #ff6600, #ffcc00);\
            text-align: center;\
            animation: backgroundAnimation 10s infinite alternate;\
        \}\
        \
        @keyframes backgroundAnimation \{\
            0% \{ background: linear-gradient(135deg, #ff6600, #ffcc00); \}\
            100% \{ background: linear-gradient(135deg, #cc5500, #ffaa00); \}\
        \}\
\
        .container \{\
            max-width: 800px;\
            margin: 50px auto;\
            padding: 20px;\
            background: white;\
            box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);\
            border-radius: 10px;\
        \}\
        h1 \{\
            color: #ff6600;\
        \}\
        h2 \{\
            color: #333;\
        \}\
        p \{\
            font-size: 18px;\
            line-height: 1.6;\
            color: #555;\
        \}\
        .cta-button \{\
            display: inline-block;\
            margin-top: 20px;\
            padding: 15px 30px;\
            background-color: #ff6600;\
            color: white;\
            font-size: 20px;\
            font-weight: bold;\
            border: none;\
            border-radius: 5px;\
            text-decoration: none;\
            cursor: pointer;\
        \}\
        .cta-button:hover \{\
            background-color: #cc5500;\
        \}\
        .testimonial \{\
            margin-top: 30px;\
            padding: 20px;\
            background: #f1f1f1;\
            border-left: 5px solid #ff6600;\
            font-style: italic;\
            color: #333;\
        \}\
        .countdown \{\
            font-size: 24px;\
            font-weight: bold;\
            color: red;\
            margin-top: 20px;\
        \}\
    </style>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <div class="container">\
        <h1>AUTOMATE LIKE ANNA</h1>\
        <h2>Sell More. Work Less. Make Money While You Sleep.</h2>\
        <p>\
            Imagine waking up to new sales, messages handled, and leads converted\'97all while you slept. \
            What if your Instagram account could respond to every DM and comment **automatically** while you focused on growing your business?\
        </p>\
        <p>\
            **AUTOMATE LIKE ANNA** is the ultimate system for business owners who want to streamline their Instagram sales process, \
            engage customers instantly, and boost revenue effortlessly.\
        </p>\
        <h2>
\f1 \uc0\u9888 \u65039 
\f0  Hurry! This Offer Ends In:</h2>\
        <div class="countdown" id="countdown">05:00</div>\
        <h2>Why Keep Struggling When You Can Automate?</h2>\
        <p>\
            
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0  Save **hours** every day\'97no more manually replying to messages. <br>\
            
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0  Increase engagement\'97customers get **instant** responses. <br>\
            
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0  Convert leads into sales\'97without lifting a finger. <br>\
            
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0  Focus on growth\'97let automation handle the rest.\
        </p>\
        <h2>What Others Are Saying</h2>\
        <div class="testimonial">\
            "This changed my business overnight! I was spending hours replying to DMs, but now I wake up to new orders effortlessly. Highly recommend!" - Sarah T.\
        </div>\
        <div class="testimonial">\
            "I never realized how much time I was wasting before using Automate Like Anna. Now, I can focus on growth while sales come in automatically!" - James K.\
        </div>\
        <div class="testimonial">\
            "Best investment I've made for my business. It's like having a personal assistant working 24/7!" - Amanda L.\
        </div>\
        <a href="https://selar.com/p/i0g1na?affiliate=le2h" class="cta-button">Get Instant Access Now!</a>\
    </div>\
    \
    <script>\
        let timeLeft = 300; // 5 minutes in seconds\
        const countdownElement = document.getElementById('countdown');\
        \
        function updateCountdown() \{\
            const minutes = Math.floor(timeLeft / 60);\
            const seconds = timeLeft % 60;\
            countdownElement.textContent = `$\{minutes\}:$\{seconds < 10 ? '0' : ''\}$\{seconds\}`;\
            \
            if (timeLeft > 0) \{\
                timeLeft--;\
                setTimeout(updateCountdown, 1000);\
            \} else \{\
                countdownElement.textContent = "Time\'92s Up!";\
            \}\
        \}\
        \
        updateCountdown();\
    </script>\
</body>\
</html>\
}